Added ⚡️ content to `Onboarding` > `Backups` (#541)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/onboarding/automatic-cloud-backup.md

> ---

Reviewer: Header image is missing on this page

Author: I don't think it ever had an image, but I can add one in.
  
I'm almost wondering if we should tweak header images for all the Onboarding pages since we are trying to move away from this idea that all the onboarding needs to happen in a specific order.

Author: I added in the one from the main Backups > Onboarding page for now.

layout: guide
title: Cloud backup

> description: How to backup a bitcoin wallet recovery phrase automatically via cloud storage service providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to backup bitcoin wallet data via cloud storage service providers.
```

main_classes: -no-top-padding
---

# Cloud backup

### How it works

> The user's wallet recovery data and channel state are backed up on their respective cloud storage provider. The recovery phrase only needs to be backed up once. However, the channel state may need to be backed up frequently because it will change every time the user's wallet sends, receives, or routes a payment; therefore, the channel state should be backed up automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user's wallet recovery data and channel states are backed up on their respective cloud storage provider. The recovery phrase only needs to be backed up once. However, channel states may need to be backed up frequently because they change every time the user's wallet sends, receives, or routes a payment; therefore, the channel state should be backed up automatically.
```

> If the user's device is lost, stolen, or broken, they can use a backup from their cloud storage account (such as Apple iCloud or Google Drive) to regain access to their funds. To learn more about the technical details, hop over to the [private key management]({{ '/guide/private-key-management/introduction' | relative_url }}) section on this topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user's device is lost, stolen, or broken, they can use the backup from their cloud storage account (such as Apple iCloud or Google Drive) to regain access to their funds. To learn more about the technical details, hop over to the [private key management]({{ '/guide/private-key-management/introduction' | relative_url }}) section on this topic.
```

> Crypto rookies perceive themselves as “incapable of self-managing keys”.
>
> <cite>As researched by <a href="https://voskart.de/pdf/u_in_crypto.pdf">Abramova et al</a></cite>

This method provides users with the feeling that they can rely on their cloud provider to regain access to their funds rather than putting the responsibility on themselves.

> Below is an example of what the user interface might look like for an automatic cloud backup that significantly reduces friction during onboarding. An optimal phase to show this may be after the wallet has received funds for the first time, so that the user has incentive to back up their wallet.

Reviewer: May want to add one more image to this carousel with a wallet with some funds in it and a prompt to backup now that funds are in the wallet.

Author: Done

</div>

### How to discuss/explain it

One approach is to explicitly explain within onboarding carousels that a user’s wallet backup is stored on the cloud; this means that if they lose or break their device, they can regain access to their funds on another device using their respective cloud account and Bitcoin wallet app.

On a similar note, it’s crucial that you also explain that if someone else knows their cloud account information, they can gain access to their funds, too.

{% include tip/open.html color="green" icon="check" label="Do: Inform your Users" %}

> Before automatically creating a wallet backup via cloud backup, make sure the user knows what they are about to do. Once the backup is complete, provide a summary and some reassurances before moving on. This is a good place for loading interactions and animation because there will likely be a few seconds between when a user clicks to upload to the cloud provider and when it completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating a wallet backup via cloud backup, make sure the user knows what they are about to do. Once the backup is complete, provide a summary and some reassurances before moving on. This is a good place for loading interactions and animation because there will likely be a few seconds between when a user clicks to upload to the cloud provider and when it completes.
```

{% include tip/close.html %}

### Tradeoffs

> By not making users manually backup, you decrease the risk of self-inflicted loss of funds. Automatic cloud backups put less pressure and responsibility on the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By not making users manually backup, you decrease the risk of self-inflicted loss of funds. Cloud backups put less pressure and responsibility on the user.
```

Author: 👍
